Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Cheers!
Excellent.
Let's drink 'till we drop.
Save energy for your wife.
Are you kidding?
Alcohol revives me.
The later it gets. the hornier I get.
Come on let's drink another glass.
A little sip.
Tell me. Jane.
What college year are you in?
- 4th year.
- A senior should know better.
What are you dolng with Tun?
He's a hunk. huh?
You keep saying that
since we were in college.
Making J im ask for girl's numbers.
Then breaking their hearts.
Speaking of broken hearts.
Remember the time
that girl left him a drunken mess?
Yes. her name was Kay.
Ignore them.
Wait. I have a question.
How can a guy like you get married?
What's wrong with me?
After a long. tiring day...
I want to head home
to a wife's embrace or a pet's face.
I can't waste my life
partying with you losers.
Well. not with me.
A good man...
who went whoring with me
last night?
Fooling around so soon?
Here she comes.
Quiet.
Hello everyone.
What's so funny?
Nothing.
One last thing.
I want to tell you guys...
One more glass!
Cheers!
What are we listening to?
Why did you turn it off?
It's beautiful.
You guys seem close.
Do you meet often?
Why're you staring at me?
You're beautiful.
What a sap.
Are you hurt?
Tun...
Is she dead?
Wait!
Drive away.
I said drive away!
Jane! Drive away!
Get closer. please.
Okay.
Big smile. Nuch.
Or you won't look pretty.
All Science Majors.
Please gather for a class photo.
They're calling you.
Where's Jane?
Taking photos with her friends.
I thought maybe you broke up.
Come! Let's go.
I phoned but you didn't pick up.
Was it on silent?
No.
Nuch asked about you today.
When will you be free?
Nuch wants to take you to...
Jane.
How can you act like this?
Pretending like nothing happened.
Since that night
I haven't slept soundly.
You don't think I feel anything?
At least we should have gotten off
the car and checked.
It was an accident.
That's easy for you to say.
You weren't behind the wheel.
- Hi. Ti.
- Hey.
How's business?
With you here this early.
my business's gonna be bad.
Are my prints ready?
Yeah. J ust a sec.
Here.
Is your processor broken?
Let's see.
The nerve.
If prints come out nicely.
then you're great.
If they're suck. it's my fault.
Check your negative.
No way.
I took them. I knew they're good.
Wait. We'll see.
See.
Your negatives are bad.
Tun.
Can you hear me?
Help!
Help me!
Don't be scared. I'm here now.
What's wrong with your camera?
I don't know.
The whole roll is ruined.
That many?
What are these shadows?
My camera must be broken.
How should I tell Nuch?
Tun...
Look at this picture.
That woman...
Do you think she's dead?
That's enough. Jane.
I'll have my camera fixed tomorrow.
Tun.
Look at this picture.
Are you sure it was here?
Excuse me.
What happened?
A few days ago.
a car hit the billboard.
Must have been a drunk driver.
Was anyone hurt?
No.
Just the broken sign.
Are you sure?
What?
Nothing.
Thank you.
What?
You're sure
you checked everywhere?
Nothing.
Thanks anyway.
My friend called every precinct
and hospital around here.
No accidents were reported that night.
That's not possible.
What about the girl we hit?
You sure he called every one?
Maybe someone helped her.
Maybe she's fine.
How could she be fine?
We ploughed her down.
And even if she's fine...
Something is in those pictures.
I've told you they've got
nothing to do with her.
They're just bad exposures.
Get it?
Tun...
You need to make some merit.
These pictures show
that a spirit is haunting you.
How long have you been
a photographer?
Why are you showing me these?
I know...
But don't you find
these shadows strange?
You want to see spirits?
I'll show you some.
Here.
Auntie Cham's spirit.
You know where she is now?
She's selling
grilled bananas next door.
Here's Auntie Cham. And here.
All Auntie Cham.
Taken on the same day.
They're just double exposures
and out of focus.
Come on. I know that.
Everyone is familiar with this place.
Just an ordinary location...
that we pass...
and see everyday.
Now look
at these following pictures.
They were taken at the same place.
In these...
the bridge looks nicer.
That means
photography does not reproduce reality.
It depends on...
how the image is framed...
what is revealed.
and what is concealed.
Your perspective is critical.
SPECIAL SCOOP: SPIRIT PICTURES
Jane. you're early.
I'll get it.
- Hello?
- Hello. Tun.
It's Jane. I'll come by later.
Hello?
Tun. can you hear me?
Tun!
Hello! Hello!
What's wrong?
I don't know.
My neck's hurt since the accident.
You should go see a doctor.
I'm sure it's not serious.
What's the use of talking
to these spoofs?
REAL GHOSTS MAGAZINE
- Are you a reporter?
- No.
The funeral foundation sent us.
We run a legal operation here.
We have all the right permits.
Excuse me.
Are all these pictures fakes?
Hey Piak!
Tell the boss he has guests.
Everyone fakes them.
You know
these photos are always a hit.
Any issue with them sells out.
Do you think
we can always find real ones?
Isn't that deceiving the public?
Our readers
pay to see scary photos.
They didn't pay to read love stories.
Does that mean every photo is fake?
I didn't say that.
Take a look.
See anything?
This is the first photo I had.
I took it In front of home.
The shadow
bears a likeness to my mom.
Believe what you will.
But this picture...
was taken after she passed away.
You know...
sometimes
spirits long for their loved ones.
I n my opinion...
these pictures represent
more than macabre urban legends.
They are signs.
Think about it.
Why would the dead
return to the living...
without a message to convey?
Most importantly...
I belleve...
these shadows are always
related to someone in the picture.
A father...
mother...
iover...
or someone you maligned in life.
How can we tell
if they're real or not?
What about Polaroids?
Can you fake them?
You load the film. press the shutter...
and the photo ejects.
Tell me then...
how can they be faked?
How do we find out
what those spirits want?
Perhaps
the answer is in the photo.
Okay. last two poses.
Give me big smiles.
Let's have a different pose.
Embrace her. hold the bouquet
and kiss her cheek.
Very beautiful.
That's it. We're done.
Thank you both.
Please take them to the dressing room.
What the...
Who's doing that?
Aum. check the fuse!
Hey! Aum!
Who's doing that?
Is it you. Aum?
Who is it?
Who's there!
Answer me! Who is there?!
Aum! Where are you?!
Who's there?!
Please step off the scale.
Step on it again.
Been working hard lately?
Not really.
How long has it hurt?
For quite a while.
But it's gotten worse lately.
I had a car accident recently.
An accident?
Physically. you're fine.
You shouldn't be worried.
But I don't feel well.
It really hurts.
Your x-rays are normal.
It may be a muscle sprain.
Try this medicine first.
Mr. Tun. please pick up
your prescription.
Take this medicine
3 times a day after meals...
until the prescription runs out.
Lying bastard.
Pardon?
Yes?
Nothing. Nothing.
Lying bastard! Lying bastard!
As for this medicine.
the doctor wants...
Sir! Sir!
What's wrong?
Is rarely seen.
When mantis begin mating...
the male smells the female
from a distance up to 100 meters.
The male carefully
approaches the female.
It hooks itself onto her belly.
And they begln to mate.
The female's response is surprising.
The male becomes her prey.
She slowly eats off his head
while they are matlng.
Eventually...
the male succumbs to death.
Excuse me. where is Room 301?
Jane.
Who's there?
Tonn...
What's wrong?
Tun...
I'm going to die.
What's going on?
The photos...
Bring me those photos.
What photos?
Are you drunk?
Those photos...
Where did you hide them?
Give them to me.
Remember that bitch.
Calm down.
What photos
are you talking about?
J ust give them to me!
Please calm down.
Tonn. calm down.
What photos?
Tonn.
I'll call your wife.
What are you doing?
Cleaning up.
Your neck still sore?
Yeah.
Take it easy. Don't work so much.
NATRE NAPA CHAN-NGAM.
HONOR SOCIETY 1995
Tonn.
It's me. Tun.
Are you home?
Tonn.
NATRE NAPA CHAN-NGAM
Tonn! Tonn!
Tonn!
I'm really sorry.
Do you know
what was bothering him?
No. Suddenly he...
It's your gang's fault.
Have you all gone insane?
What do you mean?
You've all committed suicide.
Who?
Don't you know?
Your other two friends
also killed themselves.
Which two?
The two who sat next to you
on my wedding day.
Who's this woman?
Where did you get that?
She's the shadow in the photos. right?
Who is she?
How did you know her?
I knew her in college.
Her name is Natre.
She was a quiet person...
without any friends.
We all thought she was weird.
I felt sorry for her.
We dated but I kept it secret.
She loved me very much.
She threatened to slit her wrists.
I didn't know what to do.
My friends thought it was funny.
How were they involved?
Why are they dead?
They...
What did they do?
I don't know.
Tonn said he'd take care of it.
After that. Natre disappeared.
I never saw her again.
Didn't you try to stop them?
How could you let it happen?
What could I do?
Now everyone is dead.
I'm...
I'm going to die next.
It's funny...
how we always say
if we could turn back time...
we would reverse all our wrongs.
Do you thlnk she's okay?
Will we find her there tomorrow?
Go to sleep.
I'll keep you company tonight.
Excuse me.
Do you have any toilet paper?
Can I poo first?
I'm sorry.
What's bothering you?
What's wrong?
What is it?
Is it around here?
Excuse me.
Do you know where this is?
Mom. where is this house?
Ma'am.
Excuse me.
Is this Natre's house?
What do you want?
Well...
we're her friends.
Natre's friends? Come inside.
Have some water. You must be tired.
Did you drive from Bangkok?
Yes.
We'd like to ask about Natre.
She's not feeling well.
She's taking a nap.
Should I wake her?
Stay for dinner.
I was about to cook.
I'm making her favorite dish.
Natre will be so happy.
Her friends don't visit often.
Wait right here.
Where are you going?
How dare you!
Did she commit suicide?
We should cremate her.
No.
I won't cremate her.
Ma'am...
I don't know if you believe
such things...
but I'd like you to look
at these photos.
They were taken around campus.
Some of the places...
were rooms Natre had been in.
And these shadows appeared.
I think that...
Natre's spirit is restless.
Natre...
My dear Natre.
Why don't you visit me?
Can you tell me what happened?
Why did she leave Bangkok?
Ma'am...
Ma'am.
These shadows...
might mean her spirit is not at peace.
We should hold her funeral.
Please.
When she came home.
she seemed different.
She wouldn't talk to anyone.
No one knows what happened
in Bangkok.
Then she overdosed on pills.
Luckily. her mother found her
and got her to the hospital on time.
When she recovered...
she climbed on the hospital roof
and jumped off the edge.
Why wouldn't her mom cremate her?
She's been distraught
ever since Natre's death.
No matter what.
she refused to cremate her.
All the villagers were scared.
No one wanted to talk to her.
Can't sleep?
Tell me the truth...
did you love Natre?
I tried to...
I believed that one day I would.
But I was fooling myself.
When I broke it off.
I was a total asshole.
But she still loved me the same.
I want this to be over.
If she wants me to die. I will.
Don't say that.
It's almost over.
No. it's not.
I know she'll come for me.
Tun.
We've come this far.
And you're sorry for what you did.
I'm sure she knows.
Don't talk about death anymore.
I'm sorry.
Do you still love me?
No matter what.
you won't leave me. right?
Jane.
Tun...
Jane...
Where did you go?
Why did you leave me alone?
We've got to leave.
Asshole!
Why did you leave me?
Didn't you love me?
How could you leave me?
Tun...
Are you feeling better?
What happened last night?
Tun...
Jane...
The abbot said
Natre will be cremated today.
It's over.
- Hello.
- Hello. Jane.
Picking up photos?
- Where's Tun?
- He's busy.
Good.
When he's busy.
I get to see you.
You went on vacation?
Yes. we went to the beach.
When did you go?
Last week.
This photo is...
What's wrong?
Did you gain weight?
I didn't recognize you.
Hi.
J umbo prints.
Write your name. please.
Get her. guys!
Jane...
Why are you crying?
Asshole...
How could you be so cruel?
Where did you find these?
If I didn't find them.
I'd be a fool forever. right?
Let me explain.
What's there to say?
I always believe you.
I thought I knew you.
Tun.
Take her picture
so she doesn't rat on us.
Tun. help me.
I know it was wrong.
Take her picture now!
What's wrong!
I'm your buddy!
Hurry!
Tun. help me.
I never forgave myself.
But I was young and stupid.
I've heard enough.
I want to go home.
Come on out!
Where are you?
I thought you loved me!
Loved me so much!
Till death do us part!
She's gone now.
Sometimes
spirits long for their loved ones.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-